All right, go to your LinkedIn page.
Click on the company that you manage or
you work for. Uh go to your analytics
and then choose visitors, sorry,
followers. And now scroll down and you
can see all this data about your
followers. These are people who've
chosen to follow your company. That is a
very good sign that they are deeply
interested in what you have to offer.
You can see job function and company
size and industry, right? And then you
can take this data and in whatever
combination you would like, you can pop
over to Spark Toro and rather than
searching this way, which these are fine
searches, you could you could use these
as well. But instead of just saying
profile contains advertising services or
whatever, I'm going to go to custom
audiences and describe my audience. If
you've got um the enterprise or agency
tier, you've already got this. In the
near future, we're going to be rolling
this out for everyone. So, I'm going to
say my audience is these are these are
all the things that I've taken directly
from industry, company size, uh job
function, all that kind of stuff. The
data about our followers on LinkedIn and
then I'm going to analyze this group of
people, my audience being the marketing,
business development, and media
communications professionals at
companies with, you know, this many
employees in these regions, etc., etc.
All data taken directly from here. You
could do this, by the way, for your
visitors as well. If your followers
group is smaller, you can even do it for
your personal account. So, if you pop
over to your personal one, I can see
post impressions. Uh, this is my
analytics and I can click on my personal
audience, which you could do for your
personal LinkedIn audience as well. And
then Spark Toro will come back and say,
"Hey, this sounds like this particular
audience. Would you like to see the
details of them?" When you click save
and view audience report, it will run a
Spark Toro audience analysis just like
if you had uh done anything else and
then it will give you data about those
people because Spark Toro uses LinkedIn
as our primary demographics data source
and then we look at you know the
behavior of those profiles. This
information is almost certain to be just
dynamite like like absolutely great.
Here uh let's take a look. So what we
can see is the breakdown of gender, age,
um region. You can see that our uh our
followers, no surprise, are very
interested in AI tools. In particular,
chat GBT is quite big. It's the number
six most used network. You can see that
they visit sites like ade and adage and
digay and marketing profs. These are the
places where we tend to get our best
leads and customers, right? When these
publications talk about us, that tends
to do best for us. No surprise that
Moz's YouTube channel overlaps since
given my uh connection to that company
in the past. You can see what people are
searching for, what's trending, topics,
all that kind of stuff. I also encourage
you to check out well, okay, take action
isn't live for everybody else yet, but
it's it's live for me. But I love
content ideas because when I browse
here, I often get ideas for what content
I should create, research we should do,
uh topics that I should post about on
LinkedIn and make videos about. It's
it's kind of amazing. Try this out for
yourself. You can do this in a bunch of
different ways, but your LinkedIn data,
especially that analytics audience
section, gives you so much information
that you can then plug into Spark Toro
and turn into not just insights, but
action things that you will actually You
do.